let's go got I'm a student here I'm an
English
major please don't fail us don't fail us
I was on the front lines I was you know
cops hit me with their batons and they
you know they grabbed me I did not
resist the
rest the school rather physically
intimidate their students eventually
hurt their students rather than even
consider divestment and that is what's
so
frustrating we didn't do anything
wrong I received a citation for unlawful
assembly and I'm proud of
that after attack by Zionist and proud
Boy by
nationalists we had 25 hospitalizations
because our people had their heads split
open by padlets and wooden um and stumps
that were thrown at us not a single
person who perpetrated these attacks was
arrested not a single
one I myself my mother's Jewish I grew
up Jewish my grand uncle is a huge
Zionist hi Steven if you see this um and
um it's emboldened me to take media and
I mean what we've achieved is that
people I never thought would be at the
encampment like people who didn't seem
politically active were there after they
saw us get attacked and there was no
accountability for it we will be back we
will be
disrupting we're going to continue to be
here we're going to continue to fight
for Gaza and we're going to continue to
fight for the people of
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer